we're seeing kids for the first time
this weekend already those often
adopting an older child is not an easy
decision my name is Esther weren't you
don't the party I've never really seen
the point of it I guess I'm different
there's nothing wrong with being
different you know this is an
extraordinary little girl she's very
mature for her age you seem to make
quite a connection is this your house
it's your home too you're just as much
part of this family as Danny and Max
your pleasure to meet you this is our
new student I'd like you all to make her
feel very welcome today oh look Little
Bo Peep text me she wants our outfit
back
Esther what are you doing something's
happening to cos test you to feel this
way
I think there's something wrong with us
we need to know what we're dealing with
trouble does have a way of finding her
what kind of trouble my name is dr.
viola I'm going from the CERN Institute
I understand how can they have no record
of her being there has to be some
explanation the orphanage has never
heard of her
I don't think mommy likes me very much
why will shoot your hospital oh my god
I love you Cassie I can't do it anymore
I have a surprise for you mom
ask her yes sir